doc(release): prepare release notes for Centreon MAP 22.04.2 (#1986)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

Pour faire des demandes d'évolutions ou reporter des bugs sur les extensions commerciales, veuillez contacter le support.

## Centreon MAP 

### 22.04.2

- First release

> 

Reviewer: - Web editor
- New Server
- Migration process

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.2

Release date: `soon`

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed a connection problem between MAP desktop client and MAP server that could lead to timeouts on large maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a connection problem between MAP desktop client and MAP server that could lead to timeouts on large maps.
```

> - Fixed an issue with Java 17 that caused MAP server to fail to startup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with Java 17 that caused MAP server to fail to start.
```

> - Fixed an issue with API preventing an authenticated user from creating a resource with an image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the API preventing an authenticated user from creating a resource with an image.
```

> - Fixed an issue on line charts not having any data displayed if chart period and chart precision values were too large

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the display of line charts if the period and precision values of the chart were too large.
```

### Security fixes

> - Actuator endpoints are now disabled by default, except for health and metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Actuator endpoints are now disabled by default, except for health and metrics.
```

> - Fix the security issue CVE-2022-42889 (Text4shell)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the security issue CVE-2022-42889 (Text4shell vulnerability).
```

### Enhancements

> - Updated diagnostic.sh script to handle Java 17 installation instead of returning an error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the diagnostic.sh script to handle Java 17 installation instead of returning an error.
```

> - MAP extension configuration now requires only one MAP server address to be configured

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MAP extension configuration now requires only one MAP server address to be configured.
```

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.2

- First release: `<release_date>`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> The new MAP extension is now available in a full web version with a new server, under the name of MAP. The former version, including desktop client and associated server, becomes MAP Legacy.

```

Web editor: Create and edit your views directly from your web browser.

> New server: Brand new server and data model providing better performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New server: Brand new server and data model providing better performance.
```

> Migration process: Integrated migration process of your legacy views.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Migration process: Integrated migration process of your legacy views.
```
